## Exercise 1.5

> Ben Bitdiddle has invented a test to determine whether the interpreter he is faced with is using applicative-order evaluation or normal-order evaluation. He defines the following two procedures:
```scheme
(define (p) (p))

(define (test x y)
    (if (= x 0)
        0
        y))
```
> Then he evaluates the expression
```scheme
(test 0 (p))
```
> What behaviour will Ben observe with an interpreter that uses applicative-order evaluation? What behaviour will he observe with an interpreter that uses normal-order-evaluation? Explain your answer. (Assume that the evaluation rule for the special form *if* is the same whether the interpreter is using normal or applicative order: The predicate expression is evaluated first, and the result determines whether to evaluate the consequent or the alternative expression.)

Recall that in applicative-order-evaluation, every single subexpression is first evaluated in the evaluation tree, the evaluation then traverses up the tree. In an applicative-order-evaluation, the operand 0, and (p) are evaluated first. (p) will be stuck in an infinite recursion, and eventually throws a stack overflow error.

In normal-order-evaluation, a mental model is that the operand will first be substituted by the body of the procedure, until we hit a primitive procedure, we will then evaluate the primitive procedures. (An expand and evaluate approach). In this case, `test 0 (p)` will substitute to:
```
(if (= 0 0) 0 (p))
```

We entered the if condition, the predicate `(= 0 0)` returns true, so the if statement returns 0 and the interpreter does not evaluate (p)
